chore:update HIP 1028 reflecting versioning (#1124)
hashgraph/hedera-improvement-proposal: HIP/hip-1028.md

The HAPI calls for creating tokens and updating token information were modified to include the new metadata and metadata key.  
This proposal extends the Hedera Token Service (HTS) system contract by introducing new functions to expose these capabilities.

> - Create and update methods: New structs to support the metadata field and metadata key will be introduced at a new system contract address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create and update methods: Existing structs will be modified to support the metadata field and metadata key at a new system contract address.
```

```

```solidity

> struct TokenInfo {

Author: Maybe I will write a small note to explain why there are mentioned
